Arcade engine 2.0.0 breaking change note (#353)
ArcadeAI/docs: pages/home/changelog.mdx

*Here's what's new at Arcade.dev!*

## For the week ending on 2025-07-18

<Note>

>   Version 2.0.0 of the Arcade Engine was released this week.  Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is recommended for all self-hosted users, and includes an important security fix for [secure OAuth flows](/home/auth/secure-auth-production).  After upgrading, all arcade projects will default to using the arcade verifier.  If desired, you can then implement a custom verifier in your application/agent and make the switch via the Arcade Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Version 2.0.0 of the Arcade Engine was released this week.  Upgrading to version 2.0.0 is recommended for all self-hosted developers, and includes an important security fix for [secure OAuth flows](/home/auth/secure-auth-production).  After upgrading, all projects will default to using the Arcade user verifier.  If desired, you can then implement a custom user verifier in your application/agent and make the switch via the Arcade Dashboard.
```

>   Self-hosed Arcade users do not have the option to be grandfathered into the old (unsafe) behavior of skipping the verifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Self-hosed Arcade developers cannot be grandfathered into the old (insecure) behavior of skipping user verification once the Engine is upgraded to version 2.0.0 or higher.
```
